explain default value of output.chunkFormat and output.chunkLoading is inferred from target (#6321)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.mdx

The format of chunks (formats included by default are `'array-push'` (web/WebWorker), `'commonjs'` (node.js), `'module'` (ESM), but others might be added by plugins).

> T> The default value of this option is depending on the [`target`](/configuration/target/) and [`output.module`](#outputmodule) setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"`: [in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/defaults.js).

Reviewer: You meant searching `chunkFormat` here?

Author: oops. i copied over the tip from `workerChunkLoading`

The method to load chunks (methods included by default are `'jsonp'` (web), `'import'` (ESM), `'importScripts'` (WebWorker), `'require'` (sync node.js), `'async-node'` (async node.js), but others might be added by plugins).

> T> The default value of this option is depending on the [`target`](/configuration/target/) setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"`: [in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/defaults.js).

Reviewer: I'm confused by this one as well, maybe you meant searching `chunkLoading`?

The new option `workerChunkLoading` controls the chunk loading of workers.

> T> The default value of this option is depending on the `target` setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"`: [in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/main/lib/config/defaults.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> The default value of this option depends on the [`target`](/configuration/target/) setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"` [in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/main/lib/config/defaults.js).
```
